every year 12 million people
submit a public tender
one of these men will fulfill the dream of
turn federal judge is ready for
war but still lacks a judge proof
in that rio de janeiro
in this with some team in low
even if you had a template you do not have
way
We have to have a job now, okay?
any blow to get this vacancy
not paid
we do not have the money we're hard to pick up
this feedback although soon
the feedback without money without barracks
we increase the gasoline that you do not
enjoy taking cl at the mustache bar
I did not miss how long it took
reprimand of the history of pirapora
they thought it was just a contest
public but eventually most stolen
their lives and these cultural courts have
nine names the band
both melo the rio de janeiro fable
porchat every Thursday in pelotas I
workout with partner with colleague
with colleague anderson di rizzi rodrigo
pandolfo
sabrina sato alone in the south rains
carol castro pedro paulo rangel and nelson
freitas get ready for the most
disputed of the year a toast to the contest
public to the body comes the contest of the
absolute is bald sub 19 of July in the
movie theaters